ArUco: Augmented Reality library from the University of Cordoba
-------------------------------------------------------------------


ArUco is a minimal C++ library for detection of Augmented Reality markers based on OpenCv exclusively.  

It is an educational project to show student how to detect augmented reality markers and it is provided under BSD license.


INTRODUCTION

The library relies on the use of coded markers. Each marker has an unique code indicated by the black and white
colors in it. The libary detect borders, and analyzes into the rectangular regions which of them are likely to be markers.
Then, a decoding is performed and if the code is valid, it is considered that the rectangle is a marker.

The codification included into the marker is a slighly modified version of the Hamming Code. It has a total a 25 bits didived in
5 rows of 5 bits each. So, we have 5 words of 5 bits. Each word, contains only 2 bits of real information, the rest is for 
and error detection/correction (error correction is yet to be done). As a conclusion, a marker contains 10 bits of real 
information wich allows 1024 different markers.


The library comes with three applications:
 -aruco_create_marker: which creates marker and saves it in a jpg file you can print.
 -aruco_test: this is the main application for detection. It reads images either from the camera of from a video and detect markers.
               Additionally, if you provide the intrinsics of the camera(obtained by OpenCv calibration) and the size of the marker in meters,
	       the library calculates the marker intrinsics so that you can easily create your AR applications.
 -aruco_test_gl: shows how to use the library AR applications using OpenGL for rendering

LIBRARY DESCRIPTION:

Thea ArUco library is contained in two files: aruco.cpo and aruco.h 

They contain two classes:
   - Marker: which represent a marker detected in the image
   - ArMarkerDetector: that is in charge of deteting the markers in a image
Detection is done by simple calling the member funcion ArMarkerDetector::detect()

Additionally, the classes contain members to create the required matrices for rendering using OpenGL. See aruco_test_gl for details




COMPILING:
For creating aruco_create_marker and  aruco_test simply type
> make
For creating aruco_test_gl type
>make aruco_test_gl

The makefile is only prepared for linux. However, the library should compile in Windows too.

REQUIREMENTS: OpenCv >= 2.1.0. and OpenGL for (aruco_test_gl)

CONTACT: Rafael Munoz-Salinas: rmsalinas@uco.es

FINAL NOTE: this libary is free software and come with no guaratee!

